we will start with 190 and go to 123
isn't like an auction right yeah you
guys are gonna take it away the fall on
the way up to the stage was that on
purpose what happened I know what do you
mean what happened look at my dress I
tried to walk upstairs in this dress
that's what happened what went through
my mind all down a bad word and I can't
say that starts with F so great today
great dress what was the process of
getting ready how many people helped you
well what was the process I don't know I
just woke up and tried on the dress and
it fit thank God and and then I took a
shower and I don't know what I was
that's what I did then I had got my hair
and makeup done and then I came really
I'm sorry I did a shot before it's
awfully young to have so much success so
far do you feel that this is it a good
thing that it's coming so early in the
career I hope so yeah I mean I who knows
I guess we'll see you don't worry about
being peaking too soon
well no I